Hello there I am again with a new one
Video for you I have lately
Once again a few drugstore products
accumulated and shows you of course
again and I have my first time here
to such a sensitive shampoo from albert
gripped without silicone without anything without
plan irritated and sensitive
scalp there is on it fellow citizens and
even that calms and cares and exactly
I needed that because mine
scalp really hurt so me
I do not even have that
shed or something so easy
really hurt right and I have
then thought about where the leg
can come and I noticed that
especially here at the back of the back where
I especially many animals and then
a lot of styling products always
Slash it so it also peter holds
my scalp has the most
hurt
and then I thought it is then
maybe now after five ten and twenty
years of styling products
The scalp may have meals
bit back and a little bit
less in my hair and hew
to support that I thought I could
a sensitive shampoo I do not have you
yes lately, that tells my bio teacher
has become and of course I have 1
I bought it, I really use it
always durable and i do not use it
for the body, although that too
could use the body I take that
So much for the face so before me
my care application and i have here
Two scars on the neck and use for it
me too so i cream oils my face
to take but very little
of which it is really very rich
and then I prefer that in principle here
I can honestly go down that way
Do not tell my scars like that
I have become less visible
I wished it was not so
I have the feeling that it is for that
whole skin picture just fine what
does and my skin is so very very
dry so therefore i can do some
I always had good use of products
lately, dr scheller
bought hand together and found him so
good and thought i have to have others
Try products and then have
this is the doctor scheller argan oil and
amaranth facial cream afterwards
Cream understood that is a bit
more expensive I believe the 10 12 euro
but since I give it by the hand that way
I thought that was thrilled
maybe it's worth trying
So I can tell you it smells
very very good but I have to be here
a little bit longer to really test
what to say to be able to do that
Well, something that you usually do not care for
really often in wood looks
Handkerchiefs and I had you guys
just show because they are so pretty
I think this packs this little
bird then so pretty and so
choose form and the brand is hoping and
sure of dm and unfortunately there was still
otherwise I would have that one pack
I bought hundreds of them
so beautiful here on the other side
there is another bird on it and it
are simply such yes
Handkerchiefs you can pull out so
a bit thicker is on my
nightstand and I already know that
I will be sad , they will all be
mostly india limited and are
then someday just not anymore
assortment and then others come in
but this is my opinion
after permanently in the assortment I take
rarely have such a pretty handkerchief
Packing seen now we come to
otherwise not seen
at least not in german wood and
these are three products from poland i
I have a Polish girlfriend and she has
These things brought to me from Poland
are also from the drugstore because of it
I thought I let them here discreetly
with incorporated perhaps yes
somebody of you in poland and that
is once a mascara pump up curling
mascara and my girlfriend said that
the drugstore really does that
The best mascara is when I'm great
looking forward to it and then she still has me
Here are these two pack face masks
once brought a regenerating
and one with hyaluron that's all in
that's why I'm trying on polish
not first read to you
but evelyn cosmetics I just manage
yet to pronounce it like that
yes yes something I stay there one you
or I write you down in the
infobox there you can the evening back
read again if you are
speak polish or more often mean
Poland since my wife meant to be
very very good and i will turn you on
Report every case as soon as I get it
has tried and although it is so
terribly hot is currently
I have bathing products again
I also like to have a bath in summer
and then really very cool and actually
then usually not with such a big one
but like to paint with something
bubbly salty and there I have
the one thereof dresdner it is a
Whirlpool bought that feels right here
inside, as if that were one way or the other
Something would be in it somehow and that
I think there were two different ones
fragrance directions and up here
it smells nice and you judge
Actually what am I totally surprised
do not know exactly how they do that
It's just a tiny hole in it
the pack is right in any case
very good that here is the scent direction
sensuality and exoticism and goes for it
with a long time i like that if after
that's how long it's bubbling
no matter how long it bubbles
I just think it's beautiful and
I'm looking forward to trying it out
that is without silicone oils without mineral
paraffin and pgs and then I still have
bought from valea so here it is one
a bath salt probably for a moment with coco
and cassis scent and i thought coconut and
Cassis could do it now in the summer
be really comfortable if that
Bathwater is not so hot and you
he saves so takes a bit
cool and coconut always reminds me
so on the Caribbean and holiday and smaller
vacation in my bathtub
That's it for my dear ones again today
I hope you liked the video
I wish you a miracle
wonderful day and hope we see
see you soon
until then bye